feat(merge): allow to prioritize queue (#1106)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: doc/source/examples.rst

won't be merged, even if approved by 2 contributors and having Travis CI
passing.

⚡️ Using Labels to Prioritize Merge
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When ``smart`` :ref:`strict merge` is enabled and you have many pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ``smart`` :ref:`strict merge` is enabled and many pull requests are
```

> waiting to be merge. some of them are perhaps more urgent. In that case, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
waiting to be merged, some of them might be more urgent. In that case, you
```

> can add a condition using a `label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
could add a condition using a `label
```

<https://help.github.com/articles/labeling-issues-and-pull-requests/>`_ and
configure the priority option of :ref:`merge action`:

.. code-block:: yaml

    pull_request_rules:

>       - name: automatic merge of hotfix 🚑 (high priority)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - name: automatic merge of 🚑 hotfix (high priority)
```

        conditions:
          - status-success=Travis CI - Pull Request
          - "#approved-reviews-by>=2"
          - base=master

>           - label=hotfix 🚑

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - label=🚑 hotfix
```

        actions:
          merge:
            method: merge
            strict: smart
            priority: high
      - name: automatic merge of bot 🤖 (low priority)
        conditions:
          - author~=^dependabot(|-preview)\[bot\]$
          - status-success=Travis CI - Pull Request
          - "#approved-reviews-by>=2"
          - base=master
        actions:
          merge:
            method: merge
            strict: smart
            priority: low
      - name: automatic merge for master when reviewed and CI passes
        conditions:
          - status-success=Travis CI - Pull Request
          - "#approved-reviews-by>=2"

>           - base=master

Reviewer: do you need to have `-label=hotfix 🚑`?
To me, the last rule is going to be used and therefore it's going to apply therefore the priority will be set to `medium`.

Author: It's the first that match that merge the PR.

Reviewer: Hm, it's going to put it in the queue, not merge right way… which makes me think as a user it's not clear that it's going to stop there or not.

        actions:
          merge:
            method: merge
            strict: smart
            priority: medium

As soon as the pull request has been approved by 2 contributors, the pull
request will be added to the merge queue. Within the merge queue, the pull

> requests with the label `🚑 hotfix` will be merged first. The pull requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests with the label ``🚑 hotfix`` will be merged first. The pull requests
```

it's two back quotes if you want to use preformatted, otherwise it's italic.

> requests with the label `hotfix 🚑` will be merged first. And the pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests with the label `🚑 hotfix` will be merged first. The pull requests
```
